they're moving around and the juicing
goes on today it's juice fasting day oh
yeah and if it comes to when it comes to
juicing one can one planet One Flew
fruit can can never fit down miss in my
kitchen that is the King Hamor I wanna
keep number so much and it's so easy to
juice because almost only water and this
wonderful green inside it is so yes it's
a really treat for your skin and super
healthy I love it a lot
and it's one of the easiest juicers I
know but just to converse a couple of
stalks of celery the other miracle
ingredient in juicing it makes it salty
a little bit it's a spice can use it on
your spice wonderful and an apple this
is a classical standard recipe I showed
you already apple one Apple to become
plus two stalks of celery or three now I
had a little ever the new ginger
these two are classical too of course
there are recipes out of it with this
combination that take five seven recipe
and it must be a delicious because this
on its follow three to cover celery and
you tasting amazing very simple
delicious you can clean it every day
wonderful healthy but with the lemon and
the ginger it's nice nice flavor to it
that's really amazing
slice off like this nourishment of the
soul food
the Yogi's believe that the food we take
in from off as a fruit for the body the
physical and if you get a nice logical
thought listen to music see
for picture doctor friend also there is
a fruit for the bread for the full
mindful soul soul food so can one stands
for enlightenment for the soul so that
doesn't matter has little to miss you
can also say love goes through the
stomach that's a similar point to me yes
that's important in the kitchen let's
begin
they're so greedy juice
it's entirely dimension
the state's emergency and ginger
hey there was fast and nice see look
what's what's left by the way what's
left from the dresser because I
iteration still fiber
what's the seat of the juices no fiber
high nutrition comes into the system
immediately you don't have to do any
work don't lose any energy a lot so much
energy digestion
that's why nice yes because it's a nice
combination ginger the cucumber turns
out at a special sign from the cucumber
you already know it's an appeal a little
more the flavors the favorite side and
the ginger turns it out it's amazing I
love this juice already this is a fool
now waste this substance so sorry juice
look nice car isn't it beautiful this is
funny enjoy your day then you fast
series